and
definitely 88 and well the year barbara this
week end the garagiste of aire-sur-la-lys
won his fifth rally of the
season after the giants bethune knows it
says koe calais the yellow and red porsche
dominated the North Rally and those of
beginning to the end
jose barbara signed eleven times scratch
in 14 special
despite this undivided domination the
4th edition of the North Rally was not
without interest far from there the
organizers set up a rallied
to live up to their ambitions with
a lot of show show off
race with two shock openers
frequent guy and especially jean marc evans
driving the car zero a 405
mi16 the latter gave it to heart
joy on the roads of flanders
show also with the cut
renault sport for their first
northern performance is furious with the
cut as they are nicknamed have
impressed more than one
Saturday night after the first stage there
had eight hours 5 turbo gt in the
first
for a moment we even thought he
would succeed to worry josé barbara
jose barbara who was leaving ultra favorite
who did not wait to talk
the best time horses of the four
first specials on Saturday afternoon
leaving his main opponents
behind him
well spinning bloom r5 turbo a
quiet start the place in third
position Saturday night at 35 seconds from the
Porsche is right in front of Sierra
cosworth da philippe vayrac overcharged
Philippe Bernier is a little bit more
far 7th an unusual place for
the talented renaud team but a control
radar a little before grove cost a
penalty of 45 seconds at the aero turbo
in this end of the first surprise stage
the dolphin of jose barbara is not a
northerner but a southern sylvain
paulo to drivers of the cup his
second place is all the more
unexpectedly only 5 small
seconds separate the porsche from the r5 gt
hasbro who in the morning the atmosphere was
so to the uncertainty at the start of the
second step
were we going to witness a new duel
between Jose Barbara and Sylvain Paulo eh
well not at all jose barbara handed
the clocks on time right from the first
loop by realizing three new times
scratching
the gap will widen even more than
bad luck will hit successively
all his opponents first sylvain
paulo in the saint's special
sylvester he goes off the road by wanting
avoid a spectator and leave with five
50 minutes late his hopes
fly off paulo will finish eleventh
Road exit also for
bordelais henri de pons who was 5th and
who must give up his dominican brother
then becomes the driver of the cup the
better placed barbara already far ahead
for 2nd place that the fight has had
place between philippe vergne is well
returned after his misadventures of the
eve and philippe fleury before the
last loop two seconds separate
both pilots and that flipping
situation is first philippe
Fleury that makes a straight
he who has to finish the special stage
morbecque slow motion with a reservoir
dry
he loses a minute then it is the turn of
philip bernier in the last
special fuel pump failure on the
renault 11 is the abandonment bloom between
hazebrouck in second position at 2
50 minutes of barbara the abandonment of
Vernier did at least two hours-
dominique depons what ends third
wins group n and takes the lead
ranking of the r5 and philippe cup
vayrac who finishes 4th wins the group to
this is the first good result of the
season to match it to angres b
victory of jean jacques barbara who has
makes a single rider like his brother
but the nissan of 140 rs was the only